[ann] Team Nankatsu
has finally evened the score
in this second half.
Thanks to Takasugi,
now the team only needs
one goal to tip the scale.
Will the favorite team
be able to score
and guard their title?
Or will Azumaichi
be able to tame
the relentless
Nankatsu team
and prevail in
this intense match?
- Either way,
-[growl]
this match will be
impressive until the end.
[Makoto] Of course,
we're going to win,
you idiots.
Our team will be victorious.
[ann] Only ten minutes
remain on the clock.
- The first team to score
-Let's go!
- will practically win
- this soccer match.
-Nankatsu!
-Lets go! Lets go!
[Makoto] This time,
we're playing for keeps.
[narr] Episode 36:
Everyone's Decision.
[ann] Team Azumaichi
has the ball.
Everyone, let's attack now!
-Yes!
[ann] Even though
they're a defensive team,
the Azumaichi players
are running to attack.
Let's go after him!
[ann] The Nankatsu team
runs at top speed
to steal the ball
from them.
At the same time,
Soda is perfectly
marking Tsubasa.
[grunt]
[ann] The Azumaichi team
advances towards the goal,
but the Nankatsu defense
- begins the resistance.
-Ah!
Can you feel the emotion
coming from the crowd?
-Nankatsu!
-Don't let them score,
-Don't let them score!
-Nankatsu!
-Let's win, Azumaichi!
[grunting]
[ann] And Nankatsu
has the ball.
Tsubasa is open.
[panting]
Iwami, right here.
Yeah.
-[grunt]
-[ann] Iwami makes a pass
to Izawa,
but Soda is still
perfectly marking Tsubasa.
Hajime, it's yours.
[pant]
[ann] Mamoru Izawa makes
a long pass to Hajime Taki.
-It's mine!
-What?
This is our great
opportunity.
Everyone, go back!
[ann] And Azumaichi
resumes their attack.
[grunt]
[pants]
[ann] But Kisugi
recovers the ball.
Tsubasa!
[ann] Nankatsu's captain
is still unable to move.
[growl]
[ann] Both teams are
impressively fighting
for the ball...
but time waits
for no one.
[grunts]
Coming!
[ann] Ishizaki
removes the ball
from the danger zone.
Azumaichi
has no time to lose now.
[Makoto]
No, victory...
-...will be mine!
-What?!
That can't be.
[ann] Soda leaves
Tsubasa unmarked
and rapidly runs towards
the ball,
but Taki,
Nankatsu's specialist,
runs to stop him.
You can do it, Taki!
Coming.
If that's what you want...
Razor Tackle!
[scream]
[gasps]
[ann] Azumaichi's sweeper
has control of the ball...
and he's running
at full speed.
Morisaki... Watch out,
he's going to shoot!
Don't let the ball through,
Morisaki!
Yeah!
[Makoto] Tsubasa,
you still haven't mastered
your special shot.
But I've dominated
my razor shot 100 percent.
[grunt]
And this time,
it'll be...
a Double-Bladed Razor Shot.
[gasp]
Morisaki,
be careful.
The shot will curve
to the other side!
-[gasp]
-[yell]
Take this!
[ann] Soda executes
his famous Razor Shot.
But...
But hold on one minute...
the ball is going to
the other side.
This seems to be
a Reverse Razor Shot!
[yell]
[grunt]
[ann] And the goalkeeper
has it!
The Nankatsu goalkeeper
has stopped the Razor Shot
- with a beautiful save.
-[gasp]
-Nice job, Morisaki.
-Excellent catch, Morisaki.
[gasp]
-Morisaki, pass me the ball.
-Huh?
[gasp]
Yes...
Here you go!
[ann]
The Nankatsu
- goalkeeper passes the ball
-[gasps]
to his captain
- who is totally free.
-[grunt]
Coming!
[ann] Azumaichi's defense
was left behind
after the attack
and they're unable to
catch Tsubasa.
Everyone get back, quickly!
You can do it, Tsubasa!
[ann] Tsubasa approaches
the goal alone.
This is the chance he's
been waiting for all along.
[Sanae]
But your foot is injured.
[Tsubasa]
I must score...
I must score,
no matter what...
even if I break my leg.
-[grant]
-[gasp]
[ann] Tsubasa fools
the last defensive player
and goes head to head
with the goalkeeper.
He's free to shoot.
[yell]
[grunt]
[ann]
Goal!
Tsubasa scores
the decisive point
and his first goal
of the tournament.
Yeah!
I did it!
-[cheering]
-[ann] With only
- a few minutes
-I'm a fan, Tsubasa.
- remaining,
-I never
- Nankatsu's captain
-doubted you, Tsubasa.
scores and manages
to flip the score.
Now they're winning
by one goal.
A spectacular play!
You did it, Tsubasa!
Now, we've definitely won.
Phew. I was scared
they wouldn't do it.
But they did.
Tsubasa is the best.
Wow, they sure had
some problems there.
[Makoto]
How did he guess?
No one's ever seen
my Double Bladed Razor Shot.
How did he know the ball
would break to
the other side?
[whistle]
[ann]
And the referee whistles
the end of the match.
It was a valiant effort
by the Azumaichi,
but they ran out of time
and couldn't compete with
Tsubasa's
incredible determination.
The Nankatsu Team,
winning by one goal,
will advance to
the tournament's next round.
Mhm.
Good job, guys.
You did it.
[ann] Even though
the Azumaichi team
was eliminated,
the crowd cheers them on
for their amazing
performance.
[Ikeda]
It was a great match.
I'm very proud.
[Hiroshi]
You played very well, Soda.
Tsubasa Ozora...
Someone has to shackle
that player.
[Mitsuru]
You can't let him breathe.
If Soda hadn't left him
on his own,
-they would've probably
-He pivoted his foot
-remained tied
-at the last second...
-and would've gone to
-Really?
-penalty kicks.
-That's how I knew the kick
would be reversed.
It looks like
we'll be the ones
to defeat Nankatsu
this year.
That's right.
[laughs]
-[Makoto] Tsubasa.
-Huh?
Huh?
[Ryo]
Soda?
Please tell me,
how did you know the ball
would break to
the other side?
[chuckle]
If Tsubasa hadn't warned me,
I wouldn't have been
able to stop your shot.
I knew because of
the movement you made.
You pivoted your foot
moments before shooting.
That's how I figured it out.
I can't believe it.
I know, because to do
my Drive Shot,
I have to do
the same exact thing.
[grunt]
I get it now.
I hope that you can
perfect your Drive Shot
and do it soon.
Because you're going to
need it to win
in the tournament finals.
Mhm.
And by the way, Tsubasa.
How's your foot doing?
What? What's he
talking about, Tsubasa?
[Shingo] Tsubasa injured
his left foot
during the match today.
Seriously?
[chuckle]
I'm all right.
I hope to play against you
again someday, Soda.
Yeah, me too.
I'll accept my defeat
for now.
I want you to win for us,
Nankatsu.
-Mhm.
Yeah, you can count on us.
All right, good luck...
It was a pleasure, Tsubasa.
Oh well, we lost...
But we put up a good fight.
Now let's change, guys!
And get something to eat!
-What, Captain?
[Ryo]
Makoto Soda...
In the end, he just happens
to be a nice guy
that really enjoys soccer.
[Mr. Mikami]
Nankatsu's win
wasn't without difficulties.
That's right.
That boy Soda ended up
being very good.
He was a worthy opponent
for Tsubasa.
Yes, a great rival.
By the way...
Tsubasa's other shot...
Was it pure luck?
Or was he...
That's right.
In that moment...
Tsubasa...
tried to perform
a Drive Shot to score.
He tried a drive shot?
Yes.
And if Tsubasa manages to
master that shot
100 percent...
he will earn a spot
in the national team.
A Japanese player...
trained in the Brazilian
technique.
I can't be wrong here.
I'm pretty sure
that Tsubasa...
was trying to do
a Drive Shot.
That shot is so difficult
to master...
that not even professional
players dare to do it.
If he manages
to perfect it...
he'll become
a terrifying player.
[ann] There's ten minutes
left in this game
between the Toho
and Matsukami teams.
-Toho, Toho!
-[ann] Up until this moment,
-We will win!
- neither team has been
-Go, fight, win!
- able to score a goal.
- The score is zero, zero!
-Matsukami!
Nothing to show
for this game!
[ann]
Just like Nankatsu,
Toho is one of
the favorite teams
here in the National
Tournament.
Even though they've had
control of the ball
- for most of the game,
-[grunts]
they haven't been
able to complete
any of their plays.
You can feel
the absence of
their captain, Hyuga,
on the field.
He's observing
his teammates
from the bench.
It looks like he won't
be playing this time.
We don't know if
Toho's captain is injured
or if they're saving him
to play the last games.
It is a dangerous moment
since whichever team
scores a goal
will win this match
and the other team
will go home.
Our brother.
I don't understand.
Why won't he go out?
[ann] For now,
all we know is that
the captain is on the bench.
The Matsukami team
keeps pressuring Toho.
The defense
isn't letting any
- of their players through
-[grunts]
and Sawada doesn't know
what to do.
[grunts]
[ann] The Matsukami team
has the ball!
Now that Hyuga isn't here...
[pant]
...we can win!
The Toho team doesn't
stand a chance now.
[ann] It looks like
they will try to shoot.
Take that!
[grunt]
[ann] And Toho's
goalkeeper
- grabs the ball.
-[grunt]
-[ann] We didn't expect
any less from
the best goalkeeper
in the tournament,
Ken Wakashimazu.
-Ah!
-[Ken] It's your turn,
-Huh?
Takeshi.
[grunt]
[ann] Toho begins
their counter attack now.
Sorimachi.
They will see.
[ann] Goal!
An excellent shot
by Toho's forward,
Kazuki Sorimachi,
- who takes Kojiro Hyuga's
-[laugh] Yeah!
place in this match.
That was a great play.
Hmm...
Even without Hyuga,
the Toho team
still remains strong.
Do you think Hyuga
might have a leg injury...
and that's why
he can't play?
Coach Kitazume said
he had no comments
regarding Kojiro Hyuga.
It's all still a mystery.
Then that's it.
Toho will remain with
Sawada, Wakashimazu
and Sorimachi up front.
[Takeshi] Our coach is
keeping our captain
on the bench.
We have
the responsibility...
of winning this game
without him.
[grunt]
Whatever happens...
we must prove we have
a strong team
even without our captain.
Huh?
[ann] Sawada recovers
the ball once again.
-Sorimachi!
-Coming!
[ann] He passes it
to Toho's number 9...
Sorimachi positions
himself and...
[grunt]
[ann]
He shoots...
Huh? What was that?
[tiger roars]
[gasps]
[ann] He scores!
Toho just
- scored their second goal
-We did it!
- against Matsukami.
-Nice job, Sorimachi.
What a goal!
Hey, kid, were you able to
film that shot?
Of course I did.
It was a great shot
by Sorimachi.
Not that one, you idiot.
I meant the powerful shot
Hyuga just kicked.
Hyuga?
I'm already bored.
I think I'll go home now.
Hyuga...
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back.
[narr] Saitama
World Stadium...
On the second day of
the National Tournament...
pressure and emotions
have taken over
the soccer matches
and the players' spirits.
[fan 1] I don't understand
why they're saying he left,
when we know he was
on the bench.
I don't know.
Maybe he has a leg injury.
Hey, guys, did you see
the Nankatsu game yesterday?
Yeah, they played against
the Azumaichi.
They really are
a pretty good team.
[Yuzo]
Ready.
-Shoot.
-[yell]
I wonder if Tsubasa
is doing okay.
I really hope his foot
can heal up quickly
with this day of rest.
Yeah...
All we can do is hope
he'll recover well.
On the other hand,
it kind of bothers me
that...
Tsubasa hid his leg injury
from us the entire time.
That's true. Friends don't
really do that.
[Shingo]
Hey, that's enough.
Don't think that way.
Tsubasa didn't tell us
because he didn't want us
to worry about him
during the game.
Well, he still could've
told us.
What happened
served as proof that
we can't only depend on
Tsubasa as a team.
Of course.
The Nankatsu team
has eleven players.
Yes, we're an entire team.
-Exactly.
-Huh?
Now all we have to do is
to strive to play our best
and win
the Triple Championship.
-Yeah!
[laughs]
[Furuoya] In the end,
Tsubasa's injury
has strengthened the team.
[narr] Rehabilitation
Hospital...
[doctor]
Hmm...
I see you're foot is
much better.
I'm guessing you decided to
take care of yourself,
right?
That's right...
Honestly, I was practically
only passing the ball.
Even so, if you need to
put pressure on your foot
during a game,
I recommend that...
you bandage it
to keep it safe and firm.
Okay?
Yes.
Even though it was
a mild sprain,
you have to take good care
of yourself.
But for now, it's best if
you rest your foot
and not train for
the remainder of the day.
Understood, doctor.
All right, you may go now.
[grunt]
Thank you very much.
I really appreciate it.
Thank you very much, doctor.
[sigh] It doesn't matter
what I do.
I always end up here.
Yes, well it's a good thing
it wasn't serious this time.
It's just a mild sprain.
Yeah.
As the Nankatsu
team captain,
it would be embarrassing
to have to sit out a game
just because of
a leg injury.
You always work very hard
for the team, Tsubasa.
But surely...
no more than you,
our dear manager.
That's right.
I have to put up with
you guys all the time.
[laughs]
[Sanae] [gasp]
Wow, it's a beautiful park.
Yes, that's true
and there're a lot of
people here for a Sunday.
Mhm.
[gasp]
-Of course, I forgot!
-[gasp]
Now that I can't train,
we should take advantage
of that
and watch the soccer match
between the Nishigaoka
and the Ozu-san.
Manabu is in one of
the stadiums.
If we hurry up,
maybe we can watch
the Furano match too.
Yeah...
Okay.
Perfect.
Let's go!
No...
Tsubasa, hold on.
He doesn't change.
All of sudden, he stopped
caring about his injury.
Hey, guys,
where's the captain?
Don't know.
Maybe he's in the bathroom.
Hey, Coach...
Captain Hyuga
hasn't arrived yet.
He's not coming.
What?
If Hyuga didn't come
to train...
it's because
we don't need him.
As I said,
he won't be playing
in this tournament...
so I told him
to not show up.
-What? That can't be.
But coach, we can't possibly
win without our captain.
[Masaharu]
Yeah, he's right, sir.
Silence!
Do you intend to
challenge me as well?
-Uhh...
If you can't play
without a captain,
I can remedy that.
Wakashimazu!
From this moment on,
you're the team's
new captain.
What?
Understood?!
But wait...
Wait, coach, sir.
[Takeshi]
Hyuga...
[ann] Even though
three players
are currently
marking him,
he doesn't lose control
of the ball.
-[Kojiro] I'm here.
-[ann] It's impressive.
-Huh?
-It's...our brother!
How are you?
Did you really miss me?
[laughs]
-[Ms. Hyuga] Kojiro...
-Huh?
Oh... Ah...
[snicker]
[ann] Matsuyama
is still surrounded.
[grunts]
There it goes!
[gasps]
-[grunt]
-[ann] But he's able to
quickly connect a pass.
Go!
Got it.
[ann] The Furano team
makes way
with a beautiful
passing game.
This team has
greatly improved
in the last tournaments
and it's likely they'll
be one of our new finalists.
They've increased
their speed and precision
in the last two years.
Here you go, Captain.
[grunt]
[pants]
Perfect.
[ann]
And Captain Matsuyama
finishes the massacre
with a terrifying score.
6 to 0.
All right!
It was definitely
worth coming
all the way from Hokkaido
to support the team.
-[cheering]
-[whistle]
[ann] And there's
the whistle.
What a game, am I right?
The Furano team
achieves
a sublime victory
against the team
- representing Okayama,
-Yeah!
- who is now eliminated
-Yes! We did it!
- from the tournament.
-Yeah!
The Furano team
moves to the second round.
After this performance,
Furano team is now one of
the top three favorite teams
in the tournament
along with the Toho
and Nankatsu.
Hey, guys...
You played really well.
Now let's take that banner
back to Hokkaido.
-Yeah.
[ann] The match between
Kanagawa's Nishikigaoka team
and Kochi's Ozu-san team
will begin at 10:30.
I repeat,
the match between
Kanagawa's
Nishikigaoka team
and Kochi's Ozu-san team
will begin at 10:30.
Oh, that's too bad.
-We didn't make it in time
-[panting]
-to see Furano.
[pants]
Tell me something,
Tsubasa.
Didn't your foot hurt
when you ran over here?
[gasp]
I completely forgot.
Tsubasa...
[Tsubasa]
Look, there he is.
-Manabu!
-Yes?
Oh, hey there, Tsubasa.
How's your foot injury?
Well...
it's much better.
It was only a minor sprain.
That's great to hear.
So, how was
the Furano match?
It was pretty impressive,
you know.
They're much stronger
than they were a year ago.
I'm sure they'll be
a tough rival to beat
this time around.
[Tsubasa]
Seriously?
[Manabu] Either way,
whoever wins
the Nishiki-gaoka
and Ozu-san match
will be a difficult
opponent to beat.
So we can't be too careful
this time
because they've all
greatly improved.
[Tsubasa] It doesn't matter
how tough they are...
I'll be the one to win
this tournament...
and I will go to Brazil.
[Manabu]
Why are you here, Tsubasa?
Huh?
You could've taken
advantage of your rest day
to spend some time
with our manager.
I don't know,
go to the park or something?
-Uhh...
-[Kumi] Aha! You see?!
-[gasp]
I knew they would be here.
I just wanted to see
the Furano match.
I get it.
We finished practicing
and decided to come over
and see the match too.
Hey, so how'd it go,
Tsubasa?
Well, the doctor said
it wasn't serious.
He's not talking about
your foot, man.
He's talking about
you and the manager.
Did you hold her hand
or something?
Come on, tell us.
-Huh?
-[Tsubasa] What?
Tell us, how did everything
go with Tsubasa?
Did he kiss you?
Oh...
No, of course not.
[grwol]
-Come on,
-How can you
-spill the beans!
-ask something like that?
-All right,
-Come on!
-tell us,
-Tell us...
-Romeo.
-Quit pretending.
It just looks like..
everyone is in a great mood.
[Ms. Hyuga]
What?
You're quitting
the Toho Academy?
I had a disagreement
with the coach, so...
he'll probably have
the school
revoke my scholarship.
[gulping]
Ah!
And without that...
I won't be able to keep...
on studying there
because it's private.
Honestly, I'm so sorry.
[gasp]
No, they can't do that.
Don't worry about it.
I don't mind continuing
the year at a public school.
I'll look for a job
as soon as I graduate.
But my son,
what about your dream of
becoming a soccer player?
I think that dream...
will remain buried
for the rest of my life.
[gulping]
Ah!
Either way,
I'll keep playing
for my own fun.
I'm pretty sure that...
I'll be able to play
while I work.
So don't worry about me.
Kojiro, my son...
I don't care
if I have to quit soccer.
But first...
[grunt]
[Kojiro] I wanna face
Tsubasa for the last time...
and show him the true power
of the tiger.